README.md, before:

# SMX Mod Manager

<!-- The path starts from the root of your project -->
![SMX Mod Manager Banner](/assets/SMX%20Mod%20Manager.png)

<div align="center">


**[Latest Release](/releases) • [License](/LICENSE)**

</div>

A powerful, user-friendly desktop application for organizing, installing, and managing mods for SMX on the Google Play Games on PC emulator.

This tool is specifically designed for **SMX: Supermoto Vs. Motocross v7.17.13**.

---

<!-- This path points to the new docs folder -->
<!-- ![App Screenshot](/docs/AppScreenshot0.png) -->

## ✨ Key Features

*   **Organize Your Mods:** Set up "Libraries" (your main mod folders) and organize mods by type (`Tracks`, `Suits`, `Sounds`) and custom categories.
*   **One-Click Install & Update:** Select one or more mods and install or update them on the emulator with a single click. The manager automatically handles folder creation and file transfers.
*   **Rich Mod Previews:** The UI intelligently validates your mod folders, showing you:
    *   ✅ If required track (`.smxlevel`) or sound (`.wav`) files are present.
    *   ✅ Previews for `icon.jpg`, `gear_suit.png`, and `gear_suit_normal.png` for suit mods.
*   **On-Device Management:** Scan the emulator to find "unmanaged" mods (those you copied manually) and easily delete them to clean up your installation.
*   **Built-in ADB Console:** A console for power users to send custom ADB commands directly to the emulator.
*   **Customizable Interface:** Choose from several themes to personalize your experience.

## ⚠️ Prerequisites

To use this tool, you **MUST** have the **Developer Emulator** version of Google Play Games on PC installed.

*   **Download Link:** [Google Play Games for PC (Developer Emulator)](https://developer.android.com/games/playgames/emulator)

**The standard public version of Google Play Games will not work!**

## 🚀 Installation

1.  Download the latest `SMX_Mod_Manager_Build.zip` file.
2.  Unzip the folder to a permanent location on your computer (e.g., your Desktop or `C:\Program Files`).
3.  Run `smx_mod_manager.exe` from inside the unzipped folder.

## 📖 How to Use

### 1. First-Time Setup
The Mod Manager works by linking to the folders on your PC where you store your mods. Each folder you add is called a "Library" and must contain only one type of mod.

*   Open the Mod Manager and go to the **Settings** tab.
*   Under "Local Mod Library," click **"Add Folder..."**.
![SMX Mod Manager Libraries](/docs/SMXMM-Libraries.png)
*   Select the folder that contains your **Tracks** (e.g., a folder on your PC named `My Tracks`).
*   When prompted, set the library type to **'Tracks'**.
![SMX Mod Manager Libraries](/docs/SMXMM-LibraryType.png)

*   **Repeat this process for your `Suits` and `Sounds` folders.**
*   **Flexibility:** You can add multiple libraries of the same type. For example, if you have tracks in `C:\Downloads\Tracks` and `D:\MyMods\SupermotoTracks`, you can add both as separate 'Tracks' libraries.

> ### The Golden Rule: Library vs. Mod Folder
> A common mistake is selecting an individual mod's folder as a Library. You must select the parent folder that *contains* your mod folders.
>
> **✅ Do This:** Add the parent folder containing your mods.
> ```
> # Correct Library Path:
> D:/My SMX Mods/Tracks/
> ```
>
> **❌ Don't Do This:** Add the folder for a single mod.
> ```
> # Incorrect Library Path:
> D:/My SMX Mods/Tracks/My Track/
> D:/My SMX Mods/Tracks/c_My Tracks/
> ```

### 2. Organizing Your Local Mods
The manager expects a specific structure *inside* each Library folder you've added.

*   **For Categories:** Create subfolders with a `c_` prefix (e.g., `c_4-Stroke`). Place your individual mod folders inside these category folders.
*   **For Uncategorized Mods:** Place individual mod folders directly inside the Library folder. They will appear in the "Uncategorized" category for that Library.

![SMX Mod Manager Libraries Categories](/docs/SMXMM-Libraries-Cat.png)



**Example Structure:**
```
    Sounds/
    ├── c_4-Stroke/
    │   └── My First Sound Mod/   <----  "Sounds/4-Stroke/"
    │       ├── engine.wav
    │       ├── high.wav
    │       ├── idle.wav
    │       ├── low.wav
    │       └── preview.jpg
    │
    └── Sound 0/   <----  "Uncategorized/"
        ├── engine.wav
        ├── high.wav
        ├── idle.wav
        ├── low.wav
        └── preview.jpg


    Suits/
    ├── c_Mx/
    │   └── My First Mx Suit/   <----  "Suits/Mx/"
    │       ├── gear_suit.png
    │       ├── gear_suit_normal.png
    │       ├── preview.jpg
    │       └── icon.jpg
    │
    └── Suit 0/   <----  "Uncategorized/"
        ├── gear_suit.png
        ├── gear_suit_normal.png
        ├── preview.jpg
        └── icon.jpg


    Tracks/
    ├── c_Supermoto/
    │   └── My First Track/   <----  "Tracks/SuperMoto/"
    │       ├── Track1.smxlevel
    │       └── preview.jpg
    │
    └── Track 0/   <----  "Uncategorized/"
        ├── Track2.smxlevel
        └── preview.jpg


________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Let's see a "default Library" structure:

    LibraryFolder/
        ├── c_Category 1/
        │   └── Categorized Mod Folder 1/   <----  "LibraryFolder/Category 1/"
        │       ├── Mod File.extension
        │       └── preview.jpg
        ├── c_Category 2/
        │   └── Categorized Mod Folder 2/   <----  "LibraryFolder/Category 2/"
        │       ├── Mod File.extension
        │       └── preview.jpg
        │
        └── Uncategorized Mod Folder 1/   <----  "Uncategorized/"
            ├── Mod File.extension
            └── preview.jpg
```


### 3 . Installing Mods
1.  Launch SMX Mod Manager.
2.  Launch the Google Play Games Developer Emulator. The status should turn yellow.
3.  Launch SMX. You can use the **"Launch Game"** button in the tool!
4.  Wait for the status indicator to turn green and say "Connected".
5.  Select the mod(s) you want to install. You can **Ctrl+Click** to select multiple.
6.  Click the **"Install/Update Selected"** button. The log at the bottom will show the progress.

*The "Mod Helper" tab in the application contains a detailed guide to all features.*



### Publishing your Mods!!
I made a guide on the recommended way to package the final Zip files for distribution is available on mod.io:
*   **[Guide: Zipping the Files for Release](https://mod.io/g/smx/r/zipping-the-files)**

> **This guide was approved and is editable by the Game's Developer!**


## 🛠️ Building from Source

If you want to modify the tool or build it yourself:

1.  Clone this repository: `git clone https://github.com/kBeQ/SMX Mod Manager.git`
2.  Navigate into the project folder: `cd SMX Mod Manager`
3.  Create and activate a Python virtual environment:
    ```bash
    python -m venv venv
    .\venv\Scripts\activate
    ```
4.  Install the required packages: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
5.  Run the build script: `build & run.bat`

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the `LICENSE` file for details.

Commit message:

Docs: Add publishing guide and clarify support channels

README.md, after:

# SMX Mod Manager

<!-- The path starts from the root of your project -->
![SMX Mod Manager Banner](/assets/SMX%20Mod%20Manager.png)

<div align="center">


**[Latest Release](/releases) • [License](/LICENSE)**

</div>

A powerful, user-friendly desktop application for organizing, installing, and managing mods for SMX on the Google Play Games on PC emulator.

This tool is specifically designed for **SMX: Supermoto Vs. Motocross v7.17.13**.

---

<!-- This path points to the new docs folder -->
<!-- ![App Screenshot](/docs/AppScreenshot0.png) -->

## ✨ Key Features

*   **Organize Your Mods:** Set up "Libraries" (your main mod folders) and organize mods by type (`Tracks`, `Suits`, `Sounds`) and custom categories.
*   **One-Click Install & Update:** Select one or more mods and install or update them on the emulator with a single click. The manager automatically handles folder creation and file transfers.
*   **Rich Mod Previews:** The UI intelligently validates your mod folders, showing you:
    *   ✅ If required track (`.smxlevel`) or sound (`.wav`) files are present.
    *   ✅ Previews for `icon.jpg`, `gear_suit.png`, and `gear_suit_normal.png` for suit mods.
*   **On-Device Management:** Scan the emulator to find "unmanaged" mods (those you copied manually) and easily delete them to clean up your installation.
*   **Built-in ADB Console:** A console for power users to send custom ADB commands directly to the emulator.
*   **Customizable Interface:** Choose from several themes to personalize your experience.

## ⚠️ Prerequisites

To use this tool, you **MUST** have the **Developer Emulator** version of Google Play Games on PC installed.

*   **Download Link:** [Google Play Games for PC (Developer Emulator)](https://developer.android.com/games/playgames/emulator)

**The standard public version of Google Play Games will not work!**

## 🚀 Installation

1.  Download the latest `SMX_Mod_Manager_Build.zip` file.
2.  Unzip the folder to a permanent location on your computer (e.g., your Desktop or `C:\Program Files`).
3.  Run `smx_mod_manager.exe` from inside the unzipped folder.

## 📖 How to Use

### 1. First-Time Setup
The Mod Manager works by linking to the folders on your PC where you store your mods. Each folder you add is called a "Library" and must contain only one type of mod.

*   Open the Mod Manager and go to the **Settings** tab.
*   Under "Local Mod Library," click **"Add Folder..."**.
![SMX Mod Manager Libraries](/docs/SMXMM-Libraries.png)
*   Select the folder that contains your **Tracks** (e.g., a folder on your PC named `My Tracks`).
*   When prompted, set the library type to **'Tracks'**.
![SMX Mod Manager Libraries](/docs/SMXMM-LibraryType.png)

*   **Repeat this process for your `Suits` and `Sounds` folders.**
*   **Flexibility:** You can add multiple libraries of the same type. For example, if you have tracks in `C:\Downloads\Tracks` and `D:\MyMods\SupermotoTracks`, you can add both as separate 'Tracks' libraries.

> ### The Golden Rule: Library vs. Mod Folder
> A common mistake is selecting an individual mod's folder as a Library. You must select the parent folder that *contains* your mod folders.
>
> **✅ Do This:** Add the parent folder containing your mods.
> ```
> # Correct Library Path:
> D:/My SMX Mods/Tracks/
> ```
>
> **❌ Don't Do This:** Add the folder for a single mod.
> ```
> # Incorrect Library Path:
> D:/My SMX Mods/Tracks/My Track/
> D:/My SMX Mods/Tracks/c_My Tracks/
> ```

### 2. Organizing Your Local Mods
The manager expects a specific structure *inside* each Library folder you've added.

*   **For Categories:** Create subfolders with a `c_` prefix (e.g., `c_4-Stroke`). Place your individual mod folders inside these category folders.
*   **For Uncategorized Mods:** Place individual mod folders directly inside the Library folder. They will appear in the "Uncategorized" category for that Library.

![SMX Mod Manager Libraries Categories](/docs/SMXMM-Libraries-Cat.png)



**Example Structure:**
```
    Sounds/
    ├── c_4-Stroke/
    │   └── My First Sound Mod/   <----  "Sounds/4-Stroke/"
    │       ├── engine.wav
    │       ├── high.wav
    │       ├── idle.wav
    │       ├── low.wav
    │       └── preview.jpg
    │
    └── Sound 0/   <----  "Uncategorized/"
        ├── engine.wav
        ├── high.wav
        ├── idle.wav
        ├── low.wav
        └── preview.jpg


    Suits/
    ├── c_Mx/
    │   └── My First Mx Suit/   <----  "Suits/Mx/"
    │       ├── gear_suit.png
    │       ├── gear_suit_normal.png
    │       ├── preview.jpg
    │       └── icon.jpg
    │
    └── Suit 0/   <----  "Uncategorized/"
        ├── gear_suit.png
        ├── gear_suit_normal.png
        ├── preview.jpg
        └── icon.jpg


    Tracks/
    ├── c_Supermoto/
    │   └── My First Track/   <----  "Tracks/SuperMoto/"
    │       ├── Track1.smxlevel
    │       └── preview.jpg
    │
    └── Track 0/   <----  "Uncategorized/"
        ├── Track2.smxlevel
        └── preview.jpg


________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Let's see a "default Library" structure:

    LibraryFolder/
        ├── c_Category 1/
        │   └── Categorized Mod Folder 1/   <----  "LibraryFolder/Category 1/"
        │       ├── Mod File.extension
        │       └── preview.jpg
        ├── c_Category 2/
        │   └── Categorized Mod Folder 2/   <----  "LibraryFolder/Category 2/"
        │       ├── Mod File.extension
        │       └── preview.jpg
        │
        └── Uncategorized Mod Folder 1/   <----  "Uncategorized/"
            ├── Mod File.extension
            └── preview.jpg
```


### 3 . Installing Mods
1.  Launch SMX Mod Manager.
2.  Launch the Google Play Games Developer Emulator. The status should turn yellow.
3.  Launch SMX. You can use the **"Launch Game"** button in the tool!
4.  Wait for the status indicator to turn green and say "Connected".
5.  Select the mod(s) you want to install. You can **Ctrl+Click** to select multiple.
6.  Click the **"Install/Update Selected"** button. The log at the bottom will show the progress.

*The "Mod Helper" tab in the application contains a detailed guide to all features.*


## 🚀 Publishing your Mods
For a guide on the recommended way to package your final mod files for distribution, see the guide on mod.io:
*   **[Guide: Zipping the Files for Release](https://mod.io/g/smx/r/zipping-the-files)**

> **Note:** This guide was approved and is editable by the game's developer to ensure it stays up-to-date with best practices.

## 💬 Community & Support
Join the official OE Games discord server to discuss the game, share mods, and get help from the community!

**[Join the OE Games Discord Server](https://discord.gg/mJmb4HaRWN)**

> ### ⚠️ **Important: Where to Ask for Help**
> Please use the appropriate channel for support:
> *   For questions or issues about the **game itself**, use the official Discord.
> *   For bugs, feature requests, or problems with **this Mod Manager tool**, please **[open an issue on GitHub](/issues)**.
>
> This ensures that game-related questions go to the developer, and tool-related issues are tracked here. **Please do not ask for Mod Manager support in the Discord.**


## 🛠️ Building from Source
If you want to modify the tool or build it yourself:

1.  Clone this repository: `git clone https://github.com/kBeQ/SMX Mod Manager.git`
2.  Navigate into the project folder: `cd SMX Mod Manager`
3.  Create and activate a Python virtual environment:
    ```bash
    python -m venv venv
    .\venv\Scripts\activate
    ```
4.  Install the required packages: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
5.  Run the build script: `build & run.bat`

## 📄 License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the `LICENSE` file for details.
